docs: :memo: Add details on settings to use for protected branches, plus other fixes (#82)
seedcase-project/team: entries/admin.md

Reviewer: Is this file missing an introduction? I'm not sure what this is / what this entry should cover :)

date: last-modified
---

This contains details for general administration of projects. For the most part, this document is only relevant to the team leader or if someone else has taken those admin responsibilities.

## GitHub repository settings

-   Always
    [protect](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-protected-branches/managing-a-branch-protection-rule)
    the `main` branch of the repository to limit forced pushes and
    deletions. Within the branch protection settings, enable (check mark) these options in order to provide more security and checks to protect the `main` branch:
    - "Require approvals", of at least 2 team members
    - "Dismiss stale approvals when new commits are added"
    - "Allow specified actors to bypass requirements", the actor being the team leader
    - "Require approval of most recent reviewable push"
    - "Require status checks to pass before merging"
    - "Restrict who can push to matching branches" and "Restrict pushes that create matching branches" for the `main` branch

## GitHub settings

> Whenever a new GitHub repo is created for a new website or software project, run this Terminal command on it in order to set some default options for the newly created repository. These options set up the repository with things that we need (or don't need, like the wiki). For instance, delete branches after they've been merged, allow PR's to have an option to auto-merge after approval, and for PR's to have an option to easily update with the `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a new GitHub repo is created for a new website or software project, run this Terminal command on it in order to set some default options for the newly created repository. These options set up the repository with things that we need (and omit things we don't need, like a wiki). 

The command sets up the following settings: 
- Delete branches after they've been merged
- Omit wiki
- Disable discussions
- Allow PR's to have an option to auto-merge after approval
- Allow PR's to have an option to easily update with the `main` branch.
```

date: last-modified
---

## GitHub repository settings

-   Always
    [protect](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/managing-protected-branches/managing-a-branch-protection-rule)
    the main branch of the repository to limit forced pushes and
    deletions.
- Branch protection settings to enable are:

>     - Require approval of at least 2

Reviewer: at least 2 *developers* or *team members*

Author: I think 2 might be too much... but we can assess as we go along.

>     - Dismiss approvals when new commits are added

Reviewer: Not sure what this means? :)

Author: These are options within the protected branches section. I've added a bit of details to the reasons for adding these settings.

    - Allow Team Leader to bypass requirements
    - Require approval of most recent reviewable push
    - Require status checks to pass
    - Require branches to be up to date

>     - Restrict who can push to the `main` branch.

Reviewer: Who is able to push to the main branch? Only team lead?

## GitHub settings

Whenever a new GitHub repo is created for a new website or software, run this Terminal command on it in order to set some default options for the newly created repository.

``` bash

> gh repo edit --delete-branch-on-merge=true --enable-wiki=false --enable-discussions=false --enable-auto-merge=true --allow-update-branch

Reviewer: I haven't done this for sprout. Have you, @lwjohnst86 ? :)

Author: I have :relaxed: for all the repos
